{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7780\viewh8840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Font is different when I look on my phone?\
- Hover effect: text over images\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.herenowcreative.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.herenowcreative.com/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ewiya.com/prowebpro/"}}{\fldrslt http://ewiya.com/prowebpro/}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
- RIY page - linking back to home page to a section of the website?\
\
- Use ems instead of px in media queries to make more responsive?\
- 2-3 media queries - what to focus on? \
- Recommend putting max width on articles section, skills, etc.?\
- How to make skills section look better on mobile? get rid of icons?\
- next steps after this course? How to improve my skills? Build more websites? \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Want photos to expand to a section below and show photos and copy - any way to do this without javascript? Or easier to create separate pages? (examples)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://codepen.io/peternguyen/pen/hICga"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://codepen.io/peternguyen/pen/hICga}}\
\
\
/////\
\
droid sans mono, add \'91serif\'92 \
find break of ww best of portland and edit width \
menu: projects add link to id, get rid of \'91a name\'92 \
\
get rid of span tag, edit your h3 \
get rid of wrapper - add max width\
\
about me: margin 5em 0 \
padding: 2em \
max-width:50em \
\
don\'92t center align text in about me, skills section \
skills section - tighten around- skills: get rid of padding or margin \
reduce spacing between icon items: edit margin instead of padding \
\
#skills - 4em 0 \
\
\
\
put skills section icon sin a div\
#skills div \{\
widthl:40em em;\
margin auto\
tedt align left \
\
article: 33.33%\
\
\
RIY PAGE - change header \
edit content / copy width \
case studies - more details about what you did, what project achieved, etc. \
\
maintain consistent headers and footers between pages \
contact info on every page \
change hover effect of back to top button \
\
\
validator.w3.org \
\
keep header inside of body \
add wrapper for body \
content on the page goes inside body \
\
109 - stray div tag \
\
don\'92t nest elements after h tag (ul is a sibling to h2) \
\
back to top - footer \
\
114/15 - delete div tags \
\
start over and rebuild project - rebuild from scratch \
design from mobile \
\
user experience course \
\
\
\
john.humbrachdt @generalassembly.com \
\
\
\
\
}